Fix selection incorrectly expanding when scrolled in history (#4259)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

- Crash when copying/pasting with neither pointer nor keyboard focus on Wayland
- Crash due to fd leak on Wayland
- IME window position with fullwidth characters in the search bar

> - Selection sometimes expanding over 2 chars when scrolled up in history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Selection expanding over 2 characters when scrolled in history with fullwidth characters in use
```

I don't like being so vague here, since we know exactly what the issue is.

Author: I thought about it, but it was really too long, but if it's fine I'll use it.

Reviewer: This is still under the 100 col limit we usually have for changelog entries?
